CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
	WETFLAG Calculator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
	According to the BMJ Journal, 2021, "The WETFLAG ('Weight, Energy, 
Tube size, Fluid, Lorazepam, Adrenaline and Glucose') mnemonic is 
an aid to emergency calculations, used extensively in Emergency Departments
and Intensive Care Units worldwide and taught as part of the EPALS (European
Paediatric Advanced Life Support) course.
	When you are presented with a collapsed child, it helps to estimate 
and write down key drugs and equipment you may need (e-safe-anaesthesia.org).
	WETFLAG is one means of preparation:

	(W)eight = (age+4) x 2 
		  – this is the estimated weight of the child
	(E)nergy = 4 x weight (Joules) 
		 – this is the energy required for defibrillation
	(T)ube   = age/4 + 4 
	         (approx size of endotracheal tube uncuffed for intubation)
	(FL)uids = 20ml/kg of Normal Saline bolus
	(A)drenaline = 10mcg/kg = 0.1ml/kg of adrenaline 1:10,000
	(G)lucose = 2ml/kg of 10% glucose


3. What will you learn from developing this program?
	I will learn how to use datetime to get the age of the child. I will
learn how to use pytest, and also learn how to use and define functions.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
	I will be using math for the computation, datetime to get the age 
based on their birth date, and pytest to check the accuracy of the results.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
	Yes.
	In the main function, I will ask for input for the birth date of the child.
If the child is between 1-16 years old, the WETFLAG calculator is applicable
and suitable to obtain the estimated weight based from the age. However, it is only
limited to 1-16 years old and cannot be used for persons outside of this age range.
	I will write and define different functions to compute for each 
WETFLAG computation.
	The computation of the WETFLAG will be printed to the user afterwards.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
	Yes. I will use pytest to check the accuracy of the computation functions.

